hello everybody in today's video we're
going to take a look at the cyclone boys
4x4 this one came out I'm not sure how
long ago I believe I've seen the cyclone
boys for quite a while
I just think that they didn't have any
kind of popularity until some other
keywords that started showing them on
their channels but I may be wrong I mean
I think I've seen them for a long time
but they may be brand new anyways so I'm
really interested in this because I've
tried other stickerless 404s like the
dine mf8 I've tried the wit for I've
tried the Dian Ching and now I'm trying
this one and I was very disappointed
with all of the other ones and so I'm
really looking forward to a stickerless
for my 4 because I do enjoy solving a
stickerless 3x3 from time to time I
think it's just a little fun to solve
one of these and I always wanted one in
a 4x4 but everyone has been
disappointing so far so I had high hopes
for this one and after having this for
quite a long time now I have to say that
I do believe that this one is the best
one on the market it's still not very
good because I mean as a speed cube I
mean this puzzle turns fantastic it's
actually really really nice but as far
as speed cubing goes it's definitely not
going to keep up with your mo u cubes or
your shangzhou
or something like that so if you're
looking to speed solve one of these
puzzles you can get decent times with it
but you're not going to get your average
for sure I don't think at least unless
of course you're using something worse
than this and that's what you're used to
of course you'll get something better
probably so anyways a turning the outer
layers are very very nice on this I
really enjoy the outer layers now for
the 3x3 aspect of this it's actually not
too bad but there's zero tolerance for
reverse corner cutting as you can see so
you can get some serious lock ups so in
a in a cube like this what you tend to
do is and it's bad actually to really
get used to a cube like this because you
tend to overshoot and you rely on the
corner cutting this way because even
though it has zero reverse corner
cutting it actually has pretty decent
regular corner cutting so you can really
rely on that to get your algorithms
going fast and when when I do my
algorithms or just solve this thing in
general I find that I overshoot a bit so
I
I don't lock up like I use the corner
cutting to my advantage you know what I
mean and skip this back but the middle
the middle layers are a bit crunchy and
the reason I had really high hopes for
this is because it does use the
shangzhou mechanism I mean we can see
inside there I'll actually show it at
the end that it does have that internal
thing just like the viewcube for the
shank shall Damone you all of these new
cubes that are coming out X cube for I
mean we've seen it for quite a long time
now
I figured because it use that it would
be really really good and it's
definitely not too bad it's just it's
just not the best on the market I don't
think for a 4x4 in general I mean I I do
believe it's if it's definitely in my
opinion the best stickerless 4x4 but if
you're looking to speed solve this thing
you're not going to get very good times
but if you're not a speed cuber and
you're just a regular puzzle solver and
you really like the look of sticklers
cubes I highly highly suggest this one
it is very very good now I do get pops
once in a while but I've got a tension
fairly tight and I find that if I
attention it any any looser then it
doesn't just pop it actually explodes
and the pieces are kind of difficult to
put back in there they're shaped
differently than any other 4x4 I've seen
the mechanism is the same but they've
altered the pieces a little bit the
stock of the corners is really big but
you'll see that in a bit anyways I'm
going to go through a solve of this so
you can see how it locks up but you can
see even during scrambling it moves
fairly well and I did take this thing
apart and lube it but what I don't like
is is these really crunchy metal layers
you can hear that even compared to an
outside it's
it's really loud all right let's see
what we got here
so let see already a little bit of a
lock up there I was going to say I'm not
going to try to go as fast as I can but
I would kind of defeat the purpose of
showing the abilities of the puzzle I
would think having done for my for a
little while you ever notice I do this
too
any time that somebody does is solve of
like a new puzzle they go oh I haven't
solved in a while when really you're
just making mistakes okay so you can see
that it the turning isn't terrible but I
wish it was better for sure I was hoping
we get parity so you can see the parity
algorithm in action on this thing but I
will do that after this solve here's
this parity algorithm you can see a
little bit of locking up happening here
alright so there's a parody algorithms
PLL it just these middle layers just I
don't know they crunch through and it's
just hard to get the alignment like you
need it because when you're doing this
you have to have everything aligned
because there's zero reverse corner
cutting right so anyways the regular
parity algorithm I do a little bit weird
most people will do double flicks like
that I'm starting to get used to them
but I haven't actually practiced them so
what I do is I do thumb finger like that
so this is the parity algorithm a little
bit of a pop here so let's try it again
what I screw that up
so I'm too scared to go very fast with
that algorithm because on that algorithm
is where I pop a lot so anyways guys I'm
going to show you the pieces now so you
can really see how big that corner is
and of course it splits apart into three
pieces maybe this one stuck together too
good anyways they split apart we've all
seen this before this is the standard
edge piece and this is just a standard
corner piece I mean we've seen this in
all puzzles it's just shaped a little
bit differently I mean we've got a huge
corner stock it's not very rounded in
here usually on these pieces we don't
see like this V happening it's usually
just a straight stock so pretty much
it's the same mechanism just a little
bit different design so anyways so
overall guys I recommend this puzzle if
you don't care about speed or if you
have one that's worse than this and you
think you can get better times with this
ensure if you're just a regular puzzle
solver who doesn't care about speed at
all then I absolutely recommend this
it's a very very good puzzle for that
but for a speed cube I don't really
recommend it at all but I'm going to
keep it because it's the best one out so
far but I have heard a rumor that the mo
u o su is going to come out in a
stickerless version Wow so that's going
to be a really great cube and I can't
wait to get that if the rumor is true
but I hear rumors from reliable sources
quite often so anyways guys thanks for
watching and I'll see you on my next
video